Edit assigns help
-----------------

Edit assigns can be used to change assigns used by
HstWB Installer and packages to customize where
packages are installed. A package may have one or
more assigns that can be changed. If a package
doesn't have any assigns that can be changed, it
will not be shown in edit assigns. The list
represents sections and assigns, where each section
is represented by '| Section Name |' followed by
one or more assigns 'AssignName:' within the
section.

WARNING: It's not recommended to change assigns
unless you're are sure about what the changed
assign will do. Please examine the package readme
carefully before changing it's assigns.

The list of package assigns is based on selected
packages filtering and will only list packages
assigns for the selected Amiga OS. The package
filtering can be changed by selecting 'Back' and
'Select package filtering'.

The global assigns are used by HstWB Installer and
has a 'SystemDir' assign, which it set to the
volume containing the installed Amiga OS. Packages
typically use the 'SystemDir' assign to update 
Startup-Sequence, prefs, install icons or tools.

Select an assign 'AssignName:' to change it's
directory. A directory requester will be shown,
which can be used browse to and select another
directory for the assign.

Select 'Reset assigns' to reset assigns to 
directories used for previous installation of
the packages. If any package haven't been
installed previously, it will use default
directories configured for each package.

Select 'Default assigns' to set assigns to default
directories configured for each package.