Package installation help
-------------------------

Package installation shows packages that can be
installed. The packages can install anything from
Workbench enhancements, libraries & devices, software,
icons to applies updates to Startup-Sequence and
Amiga OS system files.

The list of packages is based on selected packages
filtering and will only list packages for the
selected Amiga OS. The package filtering can be
changed by selecting 'Select package filtering'.

Select a package to switch it between 'Install' and
'Skip'. This indicates weither the package will be
installed or skipped. Packages with (*) indicates
that the package has dependencies to other packages,
which will also be selected, if the package is set
to be installed. A warning will be shown, if a
package is set to be skipped and other packages has
dependencies to it.

All packages can be set to be installed by selecting
'Install all packages' or set to be skipped by
selecting 'Skip all packages'.

Select 'View readme' to view packages readme guide
with further information each package.

Select 'Edit assigns' to change directories where
packages are installed.

Select "Start package installation" to installation
of packages set to be installed.